Hello, and welcome.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting Managing Your Workflow in the course,
Kanban for Agile/Scrum Practitioners. In this module, I will
provide you the knowledge to design,
implement, and operate an efficient kanban value stream.
In other words, from soup to nuts.
Here are the topics of this module: Defining Your Value
Stream Endpoints, Managing Work Types, Done Means Done,
Limiting Your Work In Progress,
Managing Variability, Cumulative Flow Diagrams, Forecasting Future Work,
Dealing with Bottlenecks, and Handling Blockers & Spikes.
Okay, let's get started.
What Kanban "Is" and "Isn't".
Do not think of kanban as a project management methodology.
Do not think of kanban as a software development lifecycle process.
Kanban is a technique to manage change by varying, amending,
modifying, and adjusting your process as business evolves. Please keep that keenly in mind throughout this module.